Hi friends
In this video we are going to learn the arithmetic operators in C.
So an arithmetic operator is used to perform the
basic mathematical calculations and the arithmetic operators are + for
addition - for subtraction * for multiplication and / for
division and % symbol for Modulo Operation. So let us
See a programme to see the working of these arithmetic
operators
So we have the main function and we declare 2
integer variables A and B and initialised  a to 100
b to 10
And then we have a print function and it will
print a+b =  %d and
for that integer value you have a+b
and it will print 100 + 10 which is 110
and then we have another print function and it
will print a-b and a-b will
be calculated and returned which will be 90
Next is another print function and it will print a *b
equal to a * b will be calculated
and 1000 will be printed and then we have another
print function here and it will print a/b
equal to and a/b will be
calculated and the quotient 10 will be returned and see
the next print function
Here we have a %% b so we
have 2 % symbols here
And it is because in format specifiers, we use
% character and to print % as a character
you can type like %% So this statement will
print a %b that is a modulo b
equal to a mode b We will be calculated and
that is a will be divided by b and the
reminder zero will be printed
So that's all and thank you for watching this video.